# Transcripción automática (inglés) del replay de Team Rise Up
# Generada con Whisper small.en; marcas de tiempo cada 25 s. Puede contener errores de reconocimiento.

[0:00:00] Alright everybody, come on in friends. Hello, hello, welcome. I'm gonna change my screen for a moment so I can see all of your beautiful faces as you guys come in. Hello. Aubrey, you can also help letting people into if you're able to. Hello, hello, we have over 600 people registered today.
[0:00:25] We have over 162 in the room right now. We're continuing to let everybody in. I am recording. Yes, I am. I'm gonna spotlight myself. There we go. Hi, friends. Hello. Come on in. If you guys wanna come in and let us know. Oh, Teresa's on it. Good morning from Alaska. Hello, Teresa. Let us know.
[0:00:50] know where you guys are in the world. Let us know what's good and happening in your lives. I'm in Dripping Springs, Texas, but I just got back from Japan last night. No, two nights ago. Felt like last night. I slept 10 hours last night. We've got Texas. We've got Tennessee, Indiana. We've got Mexico, England. What do we think's from furthest away? Make yourself known if you are
[0:01:15] furthest away from dripping Springs, Texas right now. Paraguay, amazing, Wyoming, Belgium. I know everyone's like sick of this game where you're like, hey, say where you're from, because we do it on every call. But it's genuinely so fun. Like I feel like a little child every time I say this. I'm like, oh my gosh, there's someone from Paraguay? Like what? How how interconnected is our world? Florence?
[0:01:40] Italy, North Carolina, Ontario, Wisconsin, UK, Austria, yes. Marveia, Spain, Hillary, I'm headed your way this fall. I'm gonna be an Estepona. Dominican, what's up Heather? So glad you're here. Oh, amazing. Amy says her son takes Japanese and he's nine. That's incredible. Yes, I was just...
[0:02:05] in oh this hat yes so my friend Lynn who you're gonna hear from today gifted me this hat that arrived yesterday and it is perfectly on brand for the new rich and the hat literally says rich in health in faith in community almost like this is definitely the hat that I'm wearing today um continue to come on in guys welcome welcome all right Greta claims that she's
[0:02:30] I said the furthest, not the oldest. I didn't say the oldest, Retta. That's funny though, I like that. All ages are welcome, okay? All right, okay, perfect. So, 1205, yes, let's go ahead and get started, all right? Y'all ready? Ready to do this thing? You ready to learn, to grow, to--
[0:02:55] here's some new possibilities for yourself. There's something that I want to name as we get started here today, which is a lot of people come on to a call. And by the way, I'm going to be looking all over my screen because I have my slides and I have my chat and then I have all y'all's photos here. So bear with me. But there's something that I want to name as we get started like this because it's very common
[0:03:20] that people come onto a call like this a little bit guarded wondering, is this legit? What's the catch? I know that I've gotten on calls like this before where you're just like, prove it to me. Let's sit. Let's see what you got. And I just want to say this off the bat because there is no pressure here today. Okay. There is no pressure. So let's just all like take a big deep breath. Inhale. Open mouth.
[0:03:45] sign out. There is no pressure here. Our goal is for you to just listen and see if this even feels relevant for you. So I want to name a couple of things right off the bat. Today's call is going to be 90 minutes. So please do plan accordingly. And we are going to be giving away over $550 in cash prizes at the very end. So please make sure that
[0:04:10] you stay until the end. If you are interested in winning some cold hard cash, put a me in the chat. I want to see who's ready to walk away with a cash prize at the end. Awesome, awesome, so fun, fun. I love it. And finally, I am going to ask for you to play all in today. And so what I can tell you is that you will not find peace
[0:04:35] in a place that you are meant to outgrow. So if you have been feeling that nudge for change, I want you to listen. I want you to lean in. You took, I'm just gonna admit people, you took time, valuable time out of your day to be here and I want you to treat it as such. I want you to treat it like you've spent $5,000 to be on this call because basic human psychology tells you
[0:05:00] us that we value things and we play closer attention when we have money in the game. So right now, I want you to listen from the lens that you paid $5,000 to be on this call and let that be the mindset that you are present with here. So what is the new rich? That was my hat, the rich, the new rich. We are going to share with you today a pathway to
[0:05:25] a sustainable freedom-based business rooted in wellness, community, and personal expansion. Because that is wealth to us. Wealth to us is time with our kids, it's health in our bodies, it's a community of people who inspire and encourage us because for so long wealth has just been about money in the bank. But how many people do you know who have
[0:05:50] have tons of cash dollars and they're still miserable. They don't have time to be with their children or with their spouse or to do things that they love. They're trading their time for money. They're burnt out. They're overwhelmed. And that doesn't feel like wealth to us. So you are now in proximity with a community of people who stand for the new rich, which is wellness and health and community and play.
[0:06:15] and expansion. And our number one intention for you investing your time here today with us is that we want you to leave with a new paradigm around what wealth is for you, what freedom means, and then how you can learn what we're going to share today to create long-term sustainable income for your family so that you can live a life that feels as good lived as it looks on the outside. Our intention
[0:06:40] is that you see a new possibility for yourself so that you don't have to decide right now that you want to go all in. We are just asking that you stay open to the possibility of a new way of working and living. And if you see that for yourself at the end of this call that you be willing to take the next small step forward. So what we are going to show you today is the clearest path we know
[0:07:05] know to turn a passion for wellness into online income without being salesy, without posting nonstop, and without meeting prior experience. And just so I'm sure that I'm chatting with the right people, who here wants to use a passion for wellness to create income for their family while helping other people reclaim their health? If that is you, I would love to hear. I want to make sure--
[0:07:30] that I'm speaking to the right people today. I was just in Japan with the founder of this company that I'm going to share with you in a moment. And he used to work for Sony. Sony, he did sales. And then his mom said something to him and said, the way for you to go out and create the most amount of income and impact is to serve others first.
[0:07:55] and then he comes back to you, service comes back to you. And then he went out and built this company that we're gonna share with you today. And it was just such a beautiful insight. I literally stood in his childhood home in Okinawa, Japan, and there was this story on the wall of how he was doing sales for this company, and it was not helping other people. And that's why this is all about using our passion for well-being
[0:08:20] to create income for us. Yes, we want that. But we also want to help other people reclaim their health along the way. So here are some of the amazing speakers that you're going to be hearing from today. Myself, Carly, I learned about this product at an integrative cancer clinic during my cancer healing story. I've gone over to create over $2 million in personal income over the last four years. You'll hear from Shannon, who's a
[0:08:45] homeschooling mama who did $100,000 in her first year. You'll hear from Iulia, also a homeschooling mama and an ex-school teacher who did $34,000, had a $34,000 month five months into the business. You'll hear from Lynn, who's an empty nester and a mama to three grown children who's now building her next season. She did $26,000 in her first two months, allowing her to make back her ROI in that time.
[0:09:10] We've got Michelle Foss, who's a Western medicine nurse, turned holistic healer. Also a mom of four who did $140,000 in 20 months. We have Aubrey Niccum, a mom and an ex-corporate employee who did $13,000 in her fourth month. (audio cuts out)
[0:09:35] $3,000 a month. So there are people across the spectrum from all different backgrounds who are winning in this business. And our goal is for you to walk away with a concrete understanding of what our wellness partnership model is. That's what we're going to be explaining to you today, our wellness partnership model. We want you to understand what it is and how you can use it to generate income from anywhere in the world where you
[0:10:00] have your phone or your computer so that you can maybe you can travel. You can stay home with your kids. You can retire your husband. You can invest in your health like me. I ended up building an at-home detox studio during my cancer healing journey because of the income from this business. So what are you calling in when you think about freedom and I read that list to you, you know, for me, let me finish my question.
[0:10:25] do you want to call in? Okay, put it in the chat because I always wanted to travel the world with my family. This has been like an over 15 year goal and we leave in six weeks to do a year of world schooling with my boys. I'm a mom of the three boys. We are going to Greece, Spain, Montenegro, Japan, and that was my goal. And you can hear all of these other women
[0:10:50] stories and what they've been able to accomplish with this business and you will hear from every single one of them. But what does that look like for you? Slow holistic life, financial freedom to do whatever I want in this next empty nester phase, travel and financial freedom, full-time travel, pay off debt, build a faith-based wellness center, have an active life, build a family compound in the Dominican
[0:11:15] for you there. You can't hit a target that you don't have, right? So I love that you're just coming up with what feels like freedom to you to be like, yeah, that would be worth it to put in some effort to build a business that allows me to create a life like this. When you stay until the end, we are
[0:11:40] going to gift you with two things. The first one is a clarity call with one of the coaches and mentors on our team so that we can look at your exact situation and tell you the best path forward to get started based on your timeline, your personality, and your goals. So we want you to have customized support. And then we're also going to give you access to a four-week private mentorship group that is led by six and seven figure earners in our business who--
[0:12:05] support you in getting started. You'll also have the opportunity to connect with other people who are starting their business at the same time as you. I promise you will find some of your best friends in this community because we have shared values. That's why you're on this specific call today. And in that mentorship group, we'll talk about the foundations and your vision. We'll give you a social media marketing plan, how to connect with people in your DM.
[0:12:30] We'll talk about offline sales, mindset, legacy income, and so you'll have a really strong foundation as you get started in your business. The intention of these gifts is that even if you're thinking, "Well, I don't have a social following," or "I don't feel techy," trust me, none of us do, none of us do, myself included, you know, maybe you feel like, "I don't know where to begin," you will leave today
[0:12:55] no matter how you're feeling right now with a clear plan. Okay? Sound good? I want you to take a moment to imagine. I want you to imagine yourself one year from today. You're now building something with a long-term vision in mind. You've got momentum, you've got support, you're proving to yourself that you can follow through. That today was the day that everything
[0:13:20] changed and that you stopped circling the dream that you've had for so long and you decided to say yes and you finally committed. And one year from now you're looking back on the decision that you made. You're able to work from anywhere because you're not hustling but you built something that travels with you wherever you go. You're able to book the trip or stay home with your babies.
[0:13:45] maybe retire your husband. I'm not doing it. He says the question is more. Allow yourself to plan this possibility. How does it feel in your body to think about that? What would your life look like if money stopped running the show? That is what's possible when you stay until the end of this training. And right before we die,
[0:14:10] into the crux of everything. I just want to ask you for a favor. I want to make a deal with you actually. For the next 90 minutes we are going to give you our full attention. We are going to pour everything into you and lay it out in a clear, flat, practical way. Maybe that I wish someone had done the first garden here. And in return we are asking for your full attention too. You can put your phone on, do not disturb.
[0:14:35] If you have Instagram or Facebook, or your email, let this be your one tab for a little bit. Because would you agree that if you can get the kind of freedom that we are talking about here, income from anywhere, that it would be worth being fully fit?
[0:15:00] Oh, did we lose Carly? Yeah, she'll be on in just a second. OK. Sorry, guys. Bear with us.
[0:15:25] That's the pros of living in the country. But as Carly said, I want you guys to imagine that. Start to imagine what life looks like on your own terms. Sometimes it even takes you to close your eyes and be like, what is it that I actually really want? Maybe it's the first time you've asked yourself--
[0:15:50] that in your whole life. I know when I got introduced to this business I was like I don't even know what I want. I remember I'm like I'm a postpartum mom of four. I was like what do I do with my hands? I don't know what life's like outside of motherhood. So take a chance to like dream on that. Alright Carly. I'm coming to you. I'm coming to you. I'm back. Hi everyone. I'm working on it.
[0:16:15] me a sec. Hold on. Okay, are we back here? Yeah. Okay. All right, sweet. One sec. Let me just open up all my chats again. Okay. My husband ran out and tech support. I got back on it. Okay, so I was talking about just making sure that you're fully present here. And really, I would just love for you guys to put a one in the chat just so we can
[0:16:40] all agree that for the next 75 minutes you will be fully and completely present here, that you will give yourself the gift of your presence. Because it does you no good to be on this call and be listening to 12 other things and you're like, "I don't even know what I heard. I don't even know what just happened there." Okay, good, beautiful. So what do people think creates wealth? Working in a stable nine to five job, retiring,
[0:17:05] when you're 65, maybe a job in law or finance or medicine. And like I said in the beginning, how many people do you know that work in those careers and they're burnt out and they're overwhelmed and they have no time freedom and they don't live a life that feels authentic to them? Maybe family wealth or inheritance is the thing that, you know, is going to create wealth for you. But how many people actually have something like that? And I don't know about you, but I know people.
[0:17:30] who have inheritances and it's so strong on the screen. I know people who have inheritances and it doesn't feel they didn't work for it. They didn't work for it. So they still don't feel like they have purpose or, or any, you know, passions in their life. So that is not what we're going for here. We are going for something that feels
[0:17:55] authentically ours and we call that the new the new rich and the new rich is I'm gonna see if I can delete these lines does anyone know how to do that? I don't know how to do that I'm just gonna leave the lines on the screen the new rich is a healthy body it's being able to roll with the punches baby okay that's it that's the new rich this is it right now it's
[0:18:20] healthy body, it's a joyful heart, it's an abundant bank account, and it is time to enjoy it all. That is what we mean when we talk about the new rich. So I want you to understand this is not one of those whiteboard things where it's like three people get three people who get three people and suddenly everybody's a millionaire. It's not copy and pasting DMs or turning your social media into a product catalog. It's not selling courses. It is not
[0:18:45] trading your time for money on coaching calls. It is not making a list of 100 friends and family to go pitch, although they will probably want to be a part of it when they see what you're up to. That is not what we're doing here. What we are doing is teaching you a skill. We're teaching you a system to follow and we're plugging you into a life-changing community of people who will support and champion you so that you can create consistent income in a way that feels
[0:19:10] aligned for you. And from there, you will know exactly how to create interest, how to start conversations, and how to move people through a system without chasing. This is what the wellness partnership model is. But the real asset that you are building is you. You are building your skills, your messaging, your confidence, and a skill set that allows you to generate income from anywhere.
[0:19:35] So that is the difference here, skill, system, community. And I can promise you that no one does it like we do here. And I think by the time you get off this call, you will understand why. So who is this for? You love wellness and you're ready to turn that passion into income without feeling weird about it. You want a business that feels aligned, not pushy or performative or spammy, no one wants that. You're done with hustle culture.
[0:20:00] and you want something that's simple and structured and sustainable, you want a skill that you can build. You want to learn marketing and communication, not just have motivation. You don't have a big audience or any audience, but you're willing to learn and to follow a plan. You're a mom or a busy woman or just, you're a mom or a working woman or just busy and you need a model that works for you in everyday life.
[0:20:25] and you just feel like you're meant for more, not just financially, but in how you live in day-to-day life. And I want to get really clear on who this is not for. This is not for you if you are looking for a shortcut or easy money or a get rich quick scam where you just kind of push a button and everything happens. You are learning a skill set. I hope that's what you understand.
[0:20:50] You are learning a skill set that will not only support you in this business, but in any business you ever create in the future. If you don't like the idea of personal growth or feedback or being coached, this is not for you. If you're not willing to learn, to implement, or to follow a simple system, not for you. If you are committed to staying skeptical or negative or approve it to me attitude, not for you.
[0:21:15] for you. And finally, if you are not willing to show up with integrity and take responsibility. And because I am very clear that I want to be respectful of your time in mind, if you heard this list of not for you and you're like, yeah, I'm just not in a place right now to learn or implement, then this training is not your next step. And you can hop off with zero hard feelings. Truly, because again, we want to make sure that we're investing our time.
[0:21:40] and energy with the right people. But if you heard that this is for you, Liz, and something and you went, "Yep, that's me. I want that," then I want you to stay. Because by saying you are making a decision, you're actually making a commitment, I'm the kind of woman who follows through, I'm coachable, I'm ready to build something, and if that is you and you are staying here now, drop a "me" in the chat. Yes, I'm going to
[0:22:05] to ask for your interaction over this call because I don't want to just talk at you. I want to make sure this is a back and forth conversation and that what I'm saying is resonating because that's what's going to happen once you're in this community. It's going to be a relationship. Amazing. I love that I'm speaking to the right people here. This is our community. This is Team Rise Up. Myself or someone else in this business community invited
[0:22:30] you here because we care enough to hold open the door to the very thing that has changed our lives. TeamRiseUp is an empowered team of growth-minded health-conscious leaders, creating time and financial freedom for ourselves and a deep impact on the world, one healthy, hydrated person at a time. We are parents and teachers, stay-at-home moms and dads, freedom fighters, health enthusiasts, homeschoolers, ex-corporate execs,
[0:22:55] We are all looking for a better way and we found this. This community of people, this small community of people with this exact wellness partnership model brought in over $5 million in sales last year and $2.8 million went into our pockets. Mothers, parents, people creating a better life for themselves. It's absolutely...
[0:23:20] incredible and that's why we're here to invite you to be a part of that. Yes and not only that you guys these are going to be some real-life stories that are people in our community. So I want you to just take a look at this screen. So up in the upper left hand corner you have Ali who deposited three thousand one hundred dollars in checks. Says what a gift this beautiful business is. You have Kate who started this business here at just
[0:23:45] wanting to basically help her son with his leaky gut symptoms. And from there she was able to end his cycle of this respiratory infection that just kept going on and on. And not only that, but now she says that she's found alignment and purpose in her day. And you have Ellen here, you have her as in a picture here. She's a homeschooling mama seven with a three month old you guys and just had her
[0:24:10] first $9,000 month only five months after starting the business. That's epic. You see on the bottom there's $2,700 when passive income, passive income, yes that's completely possible. And then you have Joya on the right hand side, a two-time cancer survivor. She started to do this business because honestly she just wanted to start to drink the water that I'm going to talk to you guys.
[0:24:35] a little bit about here soon. And with that, she just has been up leveling ever since. So what we really, really solve here, you guys, is two different things. The first one is the health crisis, the foundation of lasting health that most people don't even look at. And the little water symbol is going to give you a hint into what that is. The second is the financial crisis.
[0:25:00] what Carly was talking about, a solution to create financial stability and legacy income for your children. So let's talk about the health crisis. And this is where I want to introduce myself a little bit. So my name is Michelle, you saw me in the beginning. And I am a Western medicine trained nurse. And I've turned holistic. And I'm a mom of four. And I can tell you 100% that proper hydration was not taught to me in nursing.
[0:25:25] school. It was not taught that that's the foundation of health and healing. I did all of the other things and I was working in the hospital and I was working at bedside and I still remember holding my fourth child being at home on maternity leave and being like, I don't know if I want to go back to that job. I'm not feeling this feeling that I thought I would. I wasn't living the lifestyle and the dream
[0:25:50] that I thought was what nursing and healthcare was. And ultimately then I looked at my four month old and I said, "Okay, well we're gonna move "because where we're living right now isn't working." And when we moved, I encountered this business and from this business, I've now been able to generate over $200,000 in two years. And it's been just an epic journey ever since. I'm gonna tell you a little bit more of my story.
[0:26:15] here as we get going. But first of all, I want to show this. The human body is comprised of over 70% water. So you might remember your grandma, your mom saying drink your water, drink your water. Well, why, right? Well, look at the brain. The brain is 75% water. So if we're trying to solve a health crisis, and we're failing to look at what our water is doing for us, I think we're
[0:26:40] kind of missing the boat. So let's talk about the different types of water. So the problem with tap water. So the Environmental Protection Agency has identified over 80 regulated contaminants in tap water. That includes pharmaceuticals, lead, hormones, pathogen, aluminum, microplastics, bacteria. Gross! 100% gross, right? And you might be saying, Michelle, I don't drink tap water.
[0:27:05] tap water. I know that and I'm like great, what water do you drink when you go out to eat? What water are you bathing your kids in? What water are you showering in? Well welcome to the world of tap water. So not only that but let's go over to exactly how you can discover what's in your tap water. So if you are in the United States and you're on a city line you can put in ewg.org/tapwater. You'll be able to enter
[0:27:30] in your exact zip code and you'll be able to see what exactly is in your city water. And it's probably going to look a lot like what it does on the right-hand screen. Arsenic, nitrates, probably words you have never seen before nor can you pronounce. But I can tell you that they are toxins and toxin overload is why that bolded statistic is on the left-hand side. One in two men and one in three women will be diagnosed with cancer in their lifetime. If we want
[0:27:55] want to reduce toxins as a nurse and as a mother, we have to start looking at our water. Not only tap water, you guys, but there's also different types of water to be aware of, right? So you might say, I don't drink tap water. I have nothing to do with that. I'd be like, kudos to you. Well, then there's also reverse osmosis. That is a very clean, filtered water, but it is completely stripped of all the minerals. So the--
[0:28:20] The biggest thing to know with reverse osmosis is that we would want you to be able to remineralize that. So we recommend that you use this type of filter and then you activate it. So again, think of this as like very dead water. And I often ask people, well, do you want clean dead water or do you want clean activated water? And they're like, give me the activated water and we'll get into that. And then finally you have the filtered water. And this is where my story comes in a little bit more.
[0:28:45] So you remember me saying that I moved to this new city? Well, we brought our gravity filter with us and we were still cyclically sick you guys I had a vaccine injured daughter and I was like gosh I'm so over the fact that we were not popping Tylenol anymore and we keep popping herbs just month in and month out and why are we cyclically sick and our provider was able to read what was going on in our bodies and he was like you have a lead
[0:29:10] And I was like, "Lead?" I was like, "From what?" He's like, "It's saying it's from a water source." And I literally put my hand on our gravity filter and he was able to test it and he said, "It's from that." And I looked at my husband and I had tears in my eyes and I said, "I am done paying tens of thousands of dollars at the provider if the water that we're drinking and bathing our kids in is causing it. No wonder we're on a cyclical cycle." And that's when I found this beautiful
[0:29:35] product that we're going to talk about and started this business. So not only that but you might be like Michelle I actually go the bottled water route or I go that fun fizzy can drink route to a lot of the time I say no problem but things to know with that are those are usually infiltrated with microplastics. Microplastics are neurotoxins carcinogens and endocrine disruptors. It's I always like seeing
[0:30:00] Bottom statistic two is 325 is the average number of plastic particles for every liter of water sold in the bottled water. And for a mom who had a child, my fourth child born with microplastics that caused respiratory distress, this is something to not skip over. It is something to actually be very apparent about. But not only that, if you're buying the fizzy drinks and the bottled water,
[0:30:25] whatever bottles you're buying, I want you to know that bottled water is 3,000 times more expensive than a gallon per gallon than tap water. 3,000! Well if you're looking to save money, I know I am always as a mom of four, I'm definitely not going to look at bottled water for this reason. Okay so we don't want tap water, we don't...
[0:30:50] I don't want bottled water, what's the solution? And before I share with the solution, I actually want to share the irony of me talking to you guys about this, about the water itself that I'm so in love with. I came into this for the business. I knew nothing about the water. I didn't have sick kids. I wasn't sick myself. And I just wanted to make 50K months. But I got a water machine. And at the time I had a really bad shoulder injury, a roti--
[0:31:15] pater cup, I had tried for a year to heal, all sorts of remedies, steroids, and long story short, nothing worked. So I'm going in for surgery, I get my machine, and after six weeks of drinking the water, all of my inflammation went away, my pain, my range of motion came back, I ended up not having to have shoulder surgery, and I just became like on fire for this water. I wanted to learn all about it, why it worked, why I--
[0:31:40] felt so good. And I've since gone on this last two years to make a quarter of a million dollars with this business. And it's all because of this medical grade water ionizer that I'm going to share with you. So it produces molecular hydrogen water through an electrolysis process. And the process is really important. And I'll share with you more about that. But it's the hydrogen in the water that is so therapeutic, okay, for every system.
[0:32:05] in your body and your brain. And it's been shown to help with over 170 different diseases. Any neurological disease, Parkinson's, cancer, autism. They're made in Japan. So I was just there with Carly. We got to see how they make these by hand. They are making them to reverse engineer the same type of water that is coming out of the blue zones there where people are living past 100. Of course it reduces plasticity.
[0:32:30] use because you're not buying the bottled water, but because it also makes seven different types of water at the touch of a button, it actually has 85 different ways you can use this water. So you're able to replace a lot of toxic cleaning products in your home. And this machine actually replaces all sorts of cleaners. So bleach, laundry detergent, you can actually do your laundry with one of the types of water, no detergent needed,
[0:32:55] foreign, fruit and veggie wash, goo gone, makeup remover, like all sorts of things. So if you end up actually getting a machine, you can get rid of a lot of the stuff in your house and promote the non-toxic home. So I want to address this first because the number one question is, well, isn't hydrogen already in water, in H2O? But the answer is actually no. So if you think of hydrogen H2O, water, it's like one big molecule.
[0:33:20] don't have any access to that hydrogen. What the machine is doing through an electrolysis process is splitting apart the hydrogen and the oxygen. The two hydrogen atoms bond together and they create molecular hydrogen which is also known as H2. Okay so we've got the H2 in the water that we're drinking. And why that's important is the water actually has five qualities.
[0:33:45] So it's rich in antioxidants. Hydrogen itself is a really, really powerful antioxidant. Rapid absorption. So when you drink this water, you're going to hydrate yourself six to 10 times faster than drinking any other type of water. You're also going to flush out toxins six to 10 times faster. It's alkaline. So a lot of benefits to having an alkaline environment. It has a negative ORP, which basically means it's going to
[0:34:10] reduce oxidation and it's rich in molecular hydrogen. What all of that means for you is it's going to protect against oxidative stress, you're going to have more energy, less brain fog, and it's all because of the hydrogen. I want to be clear on this. Yes, it's a clean filtered water, but there's nothing, it's not the water that is doing this, it's the hydrogen in the water. Hydrogen itself is the smallest molecule
[0:34:35] in existence. If you go back to the periodic table, you'll see it as the very first element. And because it's a gas and tiny, it's able to penetrate really deeply into your cells, your mitochondria, even your DNA. It's antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, anti-aging, ladies, anti-diabetic and anti-tumor. So drinking this water, you're just infusing your cells with this therapeutic hydrogen. So I said it reduces
[0:35:00] is oxidative stress, but what even is oxidative stress? It's essentially just an imbalance of free radicals and antioxidants in your body. So we want antioxidants, we don't want free radicals, right? If we have too many free radicals, it can overwhelm our body and this is why we get things like diseases, cancer, heart disease, arthritis, stroke, okay? All the things you can see here, it's showing oxidative stress really damages.
[0:35:25] our cells. So where does oxidative stress come from? It comes from free radicals and free radicals are basically just a damaged like unstable molecule that's looking to steal from your healthy cells. Okay, that theft causes damage to our cells. But antioxidants like hydrogen, they stop that chain reaction like at the source and they neutralize the free radicals before they can cause damage.
[0:35:50] What causes free radicals? Living. Okay, living in a modern world causes free radicals. I won't read them all to you, but you can see here just the foods we eat, sugar, toxins, pollution, bottled water, tap water. And this isn't meant to like induce fear at all. It's meant to, knowledge is power, right? It's meant so we can be an advocate for...
[0:36:15] health because one free radical cell can kill up to 2 million healthy cells like in a minute. The average cell in your body is being attacked 15,000 times a day by free radicals. So what can we do to support our body against that? Well, hydrogen or H2. It reduces free radicals and it reduces oxidative stress. The really cool thing about hydrogen, it's not
[0:36:40] just a regular antioxidant, like you're eating your blueberries or sweet potatoes, it is what's called a selective antioxidant, meaning it's going to go into your body, it's going to look for the really harmful, toxic free radicals, and it's going to get rid of those. Not to get too sciency on you, but it also activates something called the NRF2 pathway. All that means is it makes your cells produce more glutathione, which is your body's natural
[0:37:05] antioxidant. It reduces oxidative stress and free radicals by 70%. And then here is some testimonials that kind of show you, you know, I think all the science is great, but let's see it like the proof is in the pudding. So you can see here this lady, she had food poisoning, she got a really bad skin rash condition, she tried months of dermatologists, creams, steroids, and elimination diet. Nothing worked. Two weeks drinking the water, it completely
[0:37:30] completely cleared up because she got rid of the inflammation inside her body so it cleared the skin condition. Over here on the right we have someone who had celiac disease. You can see how inflamed she was on the left five days after drinking the water, inflammation gone. Weight loss, knee pain and migraines. You guys can kind of read this but I'll just share. This is actually a husband of one of the guys,
[0:37:55] on our team and he had a really, really bad knee pain where he was having to take narcotics for it. Literally changed nothing else. Started drinking the water, was able to get off his narcotics med, the pain and inflammation in his knee went away, hasn't had a migraine nine months into drinking this water and has lost weight because oftentimes our weight is linked to inflammation. So we get rid of the inflammation, we get rid of the weight. Total game changer. This is one of the
[0:38:20] athletes on our team, she struggled with really bad constipation, wouldn't have a bowel movement anywhere from 10 to 14 days. Like imagine how uncomfortable that is. And then got on this water after two days of drinking the water, having regular bowel movements, got a machine, started drinking the water, was able to get rid of her inhaler, is PRing her workouts was a total game changer. I think I have one more on here. Oh yeah.
[0:38:45] These are all the medications that the sweet lady was on and changed nothing else one month of drinking the water and was able to get rid of all these medications. Okay, so this water is really made to support our body in returning to homeostasis, giving our body what it needs to heal. And if you want to look up the water yourself, there's a couple of terms that you'll want to look up. The technical like sciencey name is elect...
[0:39:10] reduced water. You could also look up molecular hydrogen. There is the Molecular Hydrogen Institute for those of you that really like the science. It has a bunch of different studies and research on all the benefits of hydrogen for our body. And then, oh, so I think I love seeing, you know, now that there's a lot more out in the media on the benefits of hydrogen.
[0:39:35] there's a lot of bottles and tablets and stuff that have come out and this is something I get asked about a lot and a couple things on this. One, your quality of source water matters. So if you're just putting a tablet into a crappy like bottled water or tap water that you're putting into the bottle, you're gonna negate a lot of the benefits of the water but also the the shelf life. Big difference
[0:40:00] So our machine, because it's using electrolysis, the shelf life of the hydrogen water is 48 to 72 hours. A bottle or a tablet, you have to drink that water in like 10 to 20 minutes before the hydrogen's gone. Okay, so you can't like sip on it throughout the day. It also takes a while to make the bottles. If anyone's tried them, you have to wait three to eight minutes for it to even produce 16 ounces, like one little cup of water. So feasibility...
[0:40:25] If you have a household or you drink more than one cup of water a day, it's just really hard to stay consistent with that. You also get about 300 to 500 cycles max before the battery dies. It gets less effective each time you use it and then they really don't last that long. Thanks, Anna. We all know prevention is the best cure.
[0:40:50] Why do we wait to get proactive about our health? It seems most people wait to get serious about their health until a diagnosis happens. And this slide always gets me. The heart attack at 50 began at 20. Alzheimer's at 70, started at 40. Cancer at 60, started at 30. And rheumatoid arthritis at 50 began at 25. We don't get sick overnight.
[0:41:15] By the time symptoms show up, usually the body has been kind of given us some signs. So that's why something as simple as water, it's so foundational. It matters more than people give it credit. So we've talked about science and we've talked about prevention, but at the end of the day, what really matters is what people are experiencing. So Stephanie, she thought all of her symptoms, aching joints,
[0:41:40] hair loss, gut issues, we're all just aging. Six months on hydrogen water and she was off all of her prescriptions. Lois here, her doctor was ready to put her on cholesterol medication. She asked, give me three weeks and let me just try something. Her LDL dropped 43 points. He said he'd never seen a woman's numbers drop that fast. And Dana, she had a decade of
[0:42:05] allergies and IBS and four weeks into drinking this water all of her symptoms started improving. I mean it's just incredible what shifts can really occur in our body when we get the right water and true hydration into ourselves. Now the ionizer is our flagship product but we have a couple other incredible products that's in our lineup as well the Anespa. This turns
[0:42:30] shower into a mineral rich spa. It filters out chlorine and bacteria and because you know our skin is the largest organ in the body it literally soaks up everything that we bathe in. It's in and our skin you know shouldn't have to be our filter. They say our body absorbs roughly eight glasses of water in a 10-minute shower which is just wild to think about and the Ukon
[0:42:55] This is a rare wild turmeric grown in one of the five blue zones of the world called Okinawa, Japan. You can get it in capsules, tea, and even soap. And turmeric is known for its anti-inflammatory properties, and it's also a great immune booster. And lastly, the Kangen Beauté. This is new. It's brand new. Launched just a few days ago, and I cannot wait to get my hands on this. It is a
[0:43:20] luxury Korean skincare line made with our Ukon turmeric and the 5.5 pH beauty water that comes directly out of our machine. So like I mentioned before with our skin being the largest organ, what you put on your skin matters just as much as what you drink and even what you bathe in. So we've covered the health crisis and the amazing products that we partner with but the other important
[0:43:45] part is that most people today are also finding themselves in financial crisis. Like it was mentioned before, searching for a solution to create stability, financial stability, and legacy for our families. And this is all something that we call the wellness partnership model. So I'm Lynn. Not so long ago, I was sitting in your seat watching this web class. And my youngest was also heading into her senior year.
[0:44:10] year of high school. And all my kids were talking excitedly about what their next stages and what next steps they were taking. And it started making me think like, wait a minute, what it was my next step? What's my next chapter going to look like? I'm going to have all this time on my hands. How do I want to spend it? I've always been passionate about health. And at the same time, I was watching Carly. We had just moved to Coeur d'Alene.
[0:44:35] My son's skin was reacting like crazy to the water here. I soon figured out our water is full of arsenic. But sitting where you are today, I just knew it. I could feel it. Like if you have that string today, it's something that you can't deny. And when you know a good thing, you know a good thing. And I knew I wanted to be a part of all of it. After the call, my husband and I went through a discovery process.
[0:45:00] that you're going to hear about shortly and we knew it aligned with us perfectly. So we went all in and we started drinking the water. My skin improved, my energy improved, my brain fog cleared, my husband dropped also 20 some pounds and the only thing that we changed was our water and we were very you know consistent with taking the Ukon turmeric supplement. I started with something called the quad package.
[0:45:25] and very quickly upgraded to the legacy package, which you'll hear a little bit more about soon. And in my first seven weeks, I couldn't believe it, but I had generated over $26,000 in commission and I was literally blown away what this had brought for me. So getting this water in our home, joining this community has been everything I hoped for and so much more. It's hard to honestly capture into
[0:45:50] words everything this community has brought into my life, but I will be forever grateful. So moving on, what do we mean when we talk about a freedom based business? Well, I want you to think about it like this, like four wheels of a car, your cars driving down the road and true freedom looks like time freedom with the ability to do what you want and local
[0:46:15] freedom to do it from anywhere you want and financial freedom the ability to afford the things that you want in life and finally health freedom I mean what does all of the money and the time in the world mean if you do not have your health so I want you to think also like a doctor or a lawyer they have financial freedom but most don't have time freedom so they're working all the time often not even
[0:46:40] seeing their families. Or maybe you were like me, an empty nester, and all of a sudden I had lots of time, but didn't necessarily have the financial freedom that I wanted or the location freedom that I wanted to go anywhere and work from anywhere that I wanted. But now because of this business, I am excited to be working towards all four. Thank you, Lynn. Beautiful. And I hope that what I want you guys to see right now--
[0:47:05] I'm just going to replace my spotlight here. This is a brand new presentation that we're sharing with you right now. And it's broken out this way for a very specific reason. It's that if you look at what's going on in the world today, and if you look at the problems that most people are having, it is broken into a health problem, and it's broken into a financial problem. And that's why we really wanted to highlight and help you understand that not only does this product support--
[0:47:30] with the health challenge out there and using water as the foundation to improve, reduce inflammation and to improve one's wellbeing. But then you also have this other financial aspect because when I invested in this machine, I only invested in it as for the health. You know, it was the machine they were using at the integrative cancer clinic. And I understood that it was a Japanese made product. It's one of this company represents.
[0:47:55] of the water ionizers out there. And so there are other models. There are other types of hydrogen water ionizers out there because it's an incredible product. But they are not doing it to the integrity of the way that the Japanese are making this by hand locally in Osaka. And so I just want you to really understand the value within this specific product who's been around for, we just celebrated our 50th anniversary.
[0:48:20] second year that has gone through economic changes and pandemics and it is still here thriving. We've pulled apart other machines that have mesh plates where mold can grow and there's a reason that we partner with this specific product but also because of the patented compensation plan and that's what we want to highlight for you here. I mean Lynn did such a beautiful job talking about the freedoms that we're after when we're talking about the new risks
[0:48:45] lifestyle and I'm going to break down some of those really quick before we go into the potential of earning here as well. So when we talk about time freedom this is what we mean. Take a look at the cash flow quadrant. This is how you will generate income in any job, any business that you are ever a part of. Most people start as an employee and as an employee that's that top yellow quadrant there, top left employee
[0:49:10] you have a job, you are trading your time for dollars and you have no leverage whatsoever. So then you might say, well, I'll become self-employed and as a self-employed person of which I have been one before, you then just own a job. So you are still trading your time for money. You can think about someone who owns a brick and mortar, for example, and you are just working all the time and you are owning the job. And then you go to a
[0:49:35] owner. That's the top right quadrant and you start making some real change here because now as a business owner you actually own a system and here this is where you start to have leverage and this is where wealth starts to be generating. You have people working for you doing the jobs that you don't want to do but we all want to get to that bottom right quadrant that green quadrant there where you now own investments and those
[0:50:00] Those investments are generating income for you while you're doing other things. This business doesn't start out that way. You earn it. You earn it over time. Within three to five years, most people on average, I cannot say guaranteed, but the average is within three to five years, you hit a rank called legacy rank, which I just hit, which means that you now have money coming in monthly every single month.
[0:50:25] that's willable to your children and you have a system that's working for you so you no longer need to work in the system while you're supporting people with health, expansion, personal growth, and then continuing to pour your time into other projects. That is where we all want to be. That is when you have leverage, you have passive income, you have automations, and you have systems. And that is what we're working towards here. That is what we are building with Legacy Income.
[0:50:50] So let's take Joya for example. This is a woman on our team who was trading her time for money being self-employed. And when you want to make more money being self-employed, you need more calls, more clients, more energy output. So her health coaching, she was bringing in $500 to $600 per month with the energy that she could put out. It was stressful and time heavy, but now she's able to create $9,000 to $3,000 to $9,000 a month.
[0:51:15] with more flexibility and more passive income. So let's look at location freedom. Like I just said, a brick and mortar business owner. Okay. So as a brick and mortar business owner, you're talking about hundreds and thousands of dollars that it takes to get these businesses off the ground. Huge startup costs, daily operations, management, limited flexibility. So Naomi's a woman on our team who in her brick and mortar had a 10 to 15...
[0:51:40] profit margin, but with our wellness partnership model, she's able to have a 70 to 80% profit margin. So that is the benefit. You're just like, yeah, I want to make income. I don't want to be an employee. I want to work for myself. Well, let's talk about the realities of what that actually looks like. So you can see brick and mortar. Think about your own self. The last time that you made a purchase of anything, did you go into a
[0:52:05] store or did you buy it online? Because for most of us, as you can see, the e-commerce world is up and to the right. We are making more and more of our purchases online and it behooves you to learn a skill set that will teach you exactly how to do that. We're right here. The department store purchases is slowly going down and down. Okay. Now we're going to talk about financial freedom and I'm going to share a
[0:52:30] little of my story. So I'm Shannon and my background is in low ticket sales. And I want to be clear that I absolutely loved the work I was doing before this. It aligned with my values. It was a company, a variety of companies. I wanted to put my name and credentials behind, but it also just wasn't a sustainable business model. And I started this business a little over a year ago after the Lord led me here, but I also was just having this realization of, you know what? This work.
[0:52:55] not sustainable because of what it required. The volume of sales required for me to bring in the financial provision that our family needs, it just really can't be found in a low ticket sales model. Or if it can, it would require so much hustle. And frankly, if you know me, I'm not willing to do that. It's not because I don't want to work hard, but my family is going to come first. And it's hustle is just out of alignment for me. I'm committed to having a business that fits in.
[0:53:20] into my life, not my life fitting into my business. So before if I wanted to make a five figure month, it required too much, right? I think my highest month in low ticket sales was around $13,000, which is a great paycheck. However, that required over a hundred sales. Whereas just a couple months ago, I had a $30,000 month and it was only seven sales. Now many of us talk about, and possibly you here on this call talk about wanting a $10,000 month. And not only do we want a 10 K month,
[0:53:45] or a five figure a month, but we want it consistently. So let's say if your goal is to make $10,000 and you're looking for a business model to do that, we're going to kind of compare a few of those. So if we look at a like low payout model, low ticket sales, you're talking about in some business models needing 500 to 1000 sales per month. The amount of volume required, it just isn't sustainable. And even if you have an online following, sometimes it's really hard to find a line.
[0:54:10] with brands that pay you consistently. And personally, I will not promote a product if I don't wholeheartedly believe in it. It doesn't matter how much it's going to pay me. If I don't believe in it, like my heart's not in it, then that's not going to work. And you can be an employee, but you know what? You're always going to be looking at a capped salary. So even if you are among maybe the 20% or so of people making six figures, your salary is still capped. Now we think about Joya, our friend who's doing health coaching, or she was doing health coaching.
[0:54:35] before being here and Carly vince in her briefly but you know if you're charging maybe a hundred to three hundred dollars per session you're gonna need over 300 clients a month to hit that over talking a brick-and-mortar business revenue definitely doesn't just equal profit most frickin mortars have significant expenses so maybe ten thousand dollars in revenue might only leave you with a fraction in profit the take-home is really smaller than most people realize now when
[0:55:00] we compare that to our wellness partnership model where you're generating three to $7,000 per sale, you only need about two to four aligned business partners a month. So I'd like to ask, what would you choose? Now, when we go a little bit kind of deeper into financial freedom, I want to call this out because I think people use that word, but it's like, what does that actually mean? Like we want financial freedom, but do we understand?
[0:55:25] the meaning behind that. So financial stability is if you have enough to cover your basic needs. Maybe dinner out a couple times a week, you know you're looking at probably about two to five thousand dollars a month. If we look at financial independence it's about two times more than that of financial stability. So you're making double what you need to cover your needs and your lifestyle and you maybe even have some funds to start investing. But financial freedom, what we're after here, is
[0:55:50] earning 10 times financial stability. So you're making far more money than you can even spend. You can still invest, but also, and this is my favorite part, you can take care of the people in your life. You can be radically generous. You may like to talk about how we're here for impact, not just income, blessings over bling. And that's what financial freedom will really allow you. Now I want you to look at this. This is so cool, these deposits slips. This is what financial freedom actually looks like. You've heard some
[0:56:15] much from Carly today. And just earlier this year in the quarter one, she spent 12 weeks in Greece with her family world schooling her children eating Greek salads, looking out at the GNC, walking 20k steps a day. I mean, like who doesn't want that life, right? And working like two hours in the evening. She's three years into her business. And these are the types of results she's getting. Now I can't make you any guarantees, nor should I have someone make you a guarantee. That's a red flag run for the hills. We know these
[0:56:40] systems work, we know the products work, we don't know how you work. But look at Carly, she's packing up her home, she's renting it out, and she's traveling for a full year this August. She's had this dream for over a decade, and this business and model is what's making it possible. And I want that for you, I want that for everyone. So, I want you to drop a one in the chat for me. If you stopped working today, that you have a business that would continue generating and come. And better yet, I want you to...
[0:57:05] drop a five for me. I'm about to get real morbid here, sorry, but ask yourself if you die today, would you have a willable income that you can pass to your children? Drop a five in the chat. And if there's a handful of fives, I'm guessing you're probably already partnering with our company. But if not, you probably have something really unique. But most people, if we stop working today or if we die today, we would not have a willable income to pass to our children. So let's take a look.
[0:57:30] at why we work with Enagic, the company that we're working with. So Enagic is a 52-year-old international company based out of Okinawa, Japan. Enagic has generated over a billion dollars in sales and there's really unmatched growth potential compared to competitors. I also kind of, I think it's funny that we do reference competitors sometimes, but I don't really feel like we truly have competitors. If you know the products we have, there really just isn't anything that actually
[0:57:55] competes because of the quality. And water is a product people want and need. And Anna did such a beautiful job of explaining the problem with our tap water crisis today and all the different forms of water and why this is the perfect solution to both health and wealth. And it's a sustainable zero waste non-consumable health product. And it's going to last you over 20 years. I know many people who have had their machines 25 and 30 years. And then also--
[0:58:20] of course, the generational wealth retirement income. And the fact that you don't have to have inventory, you don't have to have quotas. I mean, that's the best part, especially with my low ticket sales background. Every month I was leaving money on the table if I didn't check a certain amount of boxes. If maybe I was, I had things on my team that had to be taken care of. And a NAGEX compensation plan is completely different. It's much more closely resembles a real estate model than like a traditional.
[0:58:45] direct sales model. And with over 50%, I think it's actually 51% commission that goes to the distributors. And then lastly, when we look at the compensation plan, this is going to look clear as much to you as it should, and that's okay. All I want to really call out is if you look at the top of your screen, the 6A2-3, this is the rank that Carly hit just a few months ago and that many of us are well on our way to here on this.
[0:59:10] those of us leading this call. And it's income, it's $5,000 a month minimum for the rest of your life that's willable to your children. And if you think about how many of us work, you know, the American dream for decades and decades to make it to 65 to get our retirement pension, and you can achieve that here in three to five years. And it's, I mean, I don't know what I, I don't know what you would choose, but I know, I know what I would choose.
[0:59:35] And then when we look at the growth potential stats, this is what I want you to understand. So when you look at the global direct sales market, which is essentially what you're participating in when you're sharing a product of people, it was valued at around $200 billion in 2022. And it's going to reach approximately 286 billion by 2030. It's an $86 billion increase. So we're not late to this. We're right in the middle of massive momentum and growth.
[1:00:00] And the real question is, where do you want to be on that growth curve? Because on top of that, the water ionizer market alone is projected to grow by over a billion dollars between 2021 and 2027 next year. That growth is still happening. And then you layer in online marketing, which is one of the fastest growing income streams in the world right now. And you start to see what's really happening here. You start to see how some of these numbers that we've shared and how this is all piecing together. It's really just this purpose.
[1:00:25] combination. It's not just a good idea, it's timing, it's market demand, and opportunity all aligning at once. Okay, who here is thinking to themselves, this sounds amazing, but like how do I actually do this? Do I have to have experience to do this? Do I have to be an influencer or do I have to be like a tech expert and then and know all the things? The answer to all of this
[1:00:50] that is a resounding no. You are not expected to know anything before coming into this business. All you have to do is be willing to learn and you can succeed here because we put together three simple skill pathways for you that if you follow them will allow you to create tremendous income here. So the three pathways, organic marketing, paid advertising and offline sales. And I'll explain what all of those mean in a little bit. But first I want to say
[1:01:15] that I personally am a product of how these pathways work so incredibly well if you apply yourself to the systems here. My name is Iulia. I've been with a company around seven or eight months at this point. And like Carly said earlier, by my fifth or sixth month in the business, I made $34,000 in a single month. Not the whole time I was here, but in one single month. And I'm still astounded by that fact every time I say it because
[1:01:40] I went to college to be a teacher. I spent four years working really hard in college, graduated, got a job out in the classroom, only to find out that I hated teaching. I cried every single day my first semester after my students left. And my teaching salary was $32,000 a year for a job that I hated. So the fact that I was able to make $34,000 a year
[1:02:05] dollars in a single month by utilizing these skills that we teach you here without ever having to leave my children. I've got five of them and we homeschool. Doing something that I absolutely love bringing so much goodness into people's lives, it's still like a pinch me moment for me. So I get really excited about sharing this because I truly believe that anybody, no matter what your background or experience level is, can do this business with the systems that we have
[1:02:30] in place here. So our first skill pathway is organic marketing. There are 2.5 or 5.2 billion social media users in this world today and the average person spends over six hours online. But real quick, I want to reiterate to you that this is not something that you need to become an influencer for, okay? In fact, we have people with a very small following building thriving booming businesses. However, through organic social
[1:02:55] marketing, you have the opportunity to not just be one of those 5.2 billion consumers doom-scrolling your days away, but to actually leverage the power of the internet and make it work for you in your favor. So when I'm talking about organic marketing, I'm not talking about being a salesy, spammy, walking advertisement where you just plaster your product all over the internet. The heart of organic marketing is sharing organically, right?
[1:03:20] You share what you are passionate about. You build trust with people. And you draw on people who align with your values. It's literally as if you get paid to share about what you love, which is really cool, right? Even cooler is that we are going to teach you to create content that will keep working for you 24/7 so you're not having to be posting all the time. You can see here some examples of people who are getting hundreds of thousands of views per month, even though they're following as much--
[1:03:45] smaller relatively because they are using the type of organic marketing we teach here to continuously attract people who align. Okay, so some of you right now might be saying, "Yeah, yeah, okay, I get it. Social media is a great way to grow your business, but I really just don't want to be on social media all the time or be posting all the time." Drop a one in the comments if that's you. Drop a one in the comments if you just don't want to be doing the social media thing all the time if that just is like, "Mmm."
[1:04:10] If that's what it takes, I don't want to do it. It's fine. If that is you, we have options for you in this business as well. We actually have a pathway called the paid advertising or low budget ads pathway where you can leverage the power of social media without actually having to be on social media all the time. So the way this works essentially is you create an ad and for just a few dollars a day, which is less than a cup of coffee, right?
[1:04:35] You send it out into the metaverse so Facebook and Instagram using our ad system But you're not just sending it out to any random corner on the internet We don't want to be attracting just random people right with paid advertising you actually get to select your target audience meaning like your dream people who you want to work with so you can send it out to Home schooling moms or nurses or teachers or athletes or the health and wellness community and then
[1:05:00] You just let Meta do its thing. Meta is going to run the ad for you and send it out to millions of people worldwide, bringing people from your target audience directly into your inbox. So a lot of times I hear people say, "Well, this sounds nice, but I live in a small town or I have a really small network and I don't really know who I would even sell this product to." Doesn't matter. No problem. No people, no problem. I am actually a super...
[1:05:25] We're an introverted person. We live in a small town out in the country and I definitely don't have a big in-person network. But I've sold to people not to sell over the country but across different countries across the globe as well because with low budget paid advertising the size of your personal network is entirely irrelevant. You could have one follower on social media or one friend in real life and still grow a booming business because Meta sends your
[1:05:50] ad out to people all over the world. You will literally never run out of people to market to. And the cool thing about ads is that it works for you behind the scenes 24/7. You post just once, okay, so you're not having to be on social media all the time. And that ad will keep bringing qualified buyers to you while you go about living your day to day and even while you're sleeping. And as usual, you don't have to have any experience with this. I said it before and I'll say it again.
[1:06:15] You don't have to have any experience to do well here. We actually paid several meta ad specialists tens of thousands of dollars to put together very simple step-by-step ads training system that can take even someone who has zero ads experience, me, I was that person, and equip them to run successful and high converting ads. I personally had no experience with ads, but I followed our ad system. I launched my first ad in March. I ran that ad for--
[1:06:40] just three weeks. It ran for me in the background while I was homeschooling my kids, taking them to soccer tournaments, all those things, and I made over $7,000 off of it. Just from one ad that I ran for three weeks. Awesome, right? Like, I think we can all agree that that sounds awesome. But I know that there's some of you out there who at this point are like, okay, I got it. You do organic social media and a non-sales
[1:07:05] non spammy way and you have paid ads advertisement for people who don't really want to do the social media thing. But what about me? What about the type of people that don't want to do anything online period at all? Not the social media and not the paid ads, nothing online at all. Guess what? We got you covered on that end as well. We do and that's where offline sales comes in because in a world where AI can automate
[1:07:30] almost everything, real human connection becomes the most valuable currency there is. And this is where real life interactions turn into an opportunity. So in a digital world that Iulia was just talking about, this is your edge. So it's about being and having authentic conversations that build trust quickly just by being in the same room, in the same space, the same energy.
[1:07:55] somebody else. So you're able to create connections fast through proximity by tapping into local communities, relationships, partnerships that open doors naturally. And when you have this skill, you're never dependent on the internet. You can create opportunities wherever you are just by connecting with people. So here's a few ways to run your business offline. You can share a free bag of water with an info packet that you
[1:08:20] bring to a person or a business and then introduce the water to them. But this doesn't mean you have to sell to your friends and family. However, if you're anything like me or like what Anna was saying earlier, you'll fall in love with the water and with the products and you'll want to share it with them. So many of us chose to invest in an extra ionizer to let people try the water in their home for a few weeks. This strategy is gold. Once people get to drink it, can
[1:08:45] consistently, they feel better, they heal faster, they don't want to give it back, and that's when they invest in their own machine. A wellness center dropsite, think of like a massage studio or a fitness center somewhere where they share it with their clients, and you can do water demonstration and expo. So water demonstrations where you host the gathering and educate on the benefits of the water and then all the different uses for your home, your business. An expo would be a
[1:09:10] local in-person event or even a farmer's market where you can set up a table and talk about the water and the business to attendees that walk by. Then we have water share memberships. Now I was introduced to the water from a friend through water share. After drinking it for just a short time, I knew that I wanted it for my family. So days after receiving my products and about two months into drinking it,
[1:09:35] and loving the benefits that I was having. I held a water demo in my home, a water demonstration in my home, and I invited everybody, my family, my neighbors, people from the gym, people from church, even from my daughter's school. I launched a water share program that night, and through income generated through the water share membership that I got that night, I was able to pay off my machine in six months.
[1:10:00] So let's talk about water share opportunity. Here are, Carly's gonna show, there we go. Carly's gonna show us some numbers. There's a mix of water share programs that are run out of brick and mortar businesses and out of people's homes. So as you can see, there's a whole nother revenue generating. So we talked about selling Enagic machines. This is just water share.
[1:10:25] The numbers on the second to the last column, this is revenue generated in a month. So this smoothie shop brings in an additional $2,500 to their bottom line every month. This product works seamlessly in wellness shops, fitness and yoga studios, chiropractors, neural feedback clinics, and even this med spot after sharing the water for only a few months. She's already generating an extra $1,300.
[1:10:50] a month in additional revenue. We have team members that share the water at a home anywhere from $500 to $1,500. That $1,500 line, that's me. I can tell you personally that this works, but it's just the beginning. The last column shows you the income possible when people don't want to drive to get their water anymore so they purchase their own machine. Also me, I did that. Now, I also share my offline
[1:11:15] business on social media, but I don't have a large following like Julia again was just talking about. So I want you to take a look at the ladies on this next slide. There's social media. So Dana's got 20,000 followers, 4,000 followers here, 1,500 followers. It's not about the size of your page. It's about learning the skills. Dana is a practicing acupuncturist who's generated over three
[1:11:40] $336,000 through this wellness partnership model. You heard from Anna, the former corporate exec doubling her income in just three months. And Michelle, the Western medicine trained nurse turned the holistic entrepreneur. She made over $100,000 in 13 months with a $10,255 day. That's just, that's mind blowing to me. All while helping families improve their health. So after-- (static)
[1:12:05] being in corporate marketing myself for over a decade, 12 years actually, I found this business model and was immediately infatuated with what I saw because I wanted the opportunity to make my corporate enterprise salary while still being at home with my daughter. And I wanted the freedom I wasn't getting at my day job. I didn't want to ask for PTO. I didn't want to log out of teams to go and pick her up. So
[1:12:30] So using the systems we're sharing with you today, I've personally replaced my corporate income with this business model. And this is why I firmly believe in the million dollar infrastructure that I'm going to teach you about. So it's actually quite simple when you see it laid out. This is what you need to generate consistent income. It also lets you live your life. So step one is to attract attention and create a connection through organic content.
[1:12:55] paid ads, or those real live in-person connections. You find your people. Step two is you present an offer or an opportunity, something you align with and that actually improves somebody's life, something that will impact them in a positive way. Step three is to plug into a system, a process that builds belief, understanding, and helps people actually see what's possible for themselves.
[1:13:20] Step four is to automate the process. So now you're not trading your time for money. The system is nurturing, it's educating, it's converting for you. Step five is accelerate with mentorship. So learn from people who have already done it. See, watch the people that have already done it. So you're not guessing your way through it. Here's the part that actually matters when you have...
[1:13:45] You don't have to build these systems. They're already done for you. So, thank you. So whether you're connecting with people through online or offline, all of which we teach you, there's a point where the system takes over. This is where everything changes because now when someone's interested, when they're aligned with the product you're offering, they want to learn more. You don't need to be there holding their hand, walking them through.
[1:14:10] everything. They move through the process. Our wellness wellness partnership model educates them. It builds beliefs. It takes them and helps them make a decision without you physically being there. This is where you get your time back. And this is exactly why I get to be at home with my daughter. I get to go to the gym at 830 every day. I get to meet up with my girlfriends going to walk coffee date in the middle of a weekday afternoon and I'm not
[1:14:35] having to sit behind my desk. So, you're not recreating the wheel, you're plugging into a system. You don't have to become a marketing expert overnight. You don't have to figure out how to become a master salesperson. You don't have to figure out how to build these funnels or systems. It's already done. We've already done it for you. You have a genuine human connection with somebody. You send them to a free class or a live...
[1:15:00] just like what you're on right now. You move through an automated learning process called the discovery process. You actually are going to get access to that here shortly. And then they plug into a system in a community where they decide what products they want, what they align with, and how they want to get started. It's all designed to be simple. It's duplicatable. You plug into something that already works, and that's the beauty of it. Over time-- [AUDIO OUT]
[1:15:25] You're learning invaluable business skills that you can use anywhere. You're not just making money. You're becoming capable Amazing thank you so much Aubrey incredible and real quick guys am I unmuted am I good? Yes? I want to we have we're gonna wrap up in like the next 10 minutes here But before I do my husband Ross is here And I'm gonna have him speak to you for two minutes because he was the skeptical
[1:15:50] husband, which many people on this team have had. We love our spouses and sometimes they don't always see vision right away when we do and he gets it now. He sees it now. So he's going to share with you guys real quick in a couple minutes what his experience was. Hi everyone. Thanks for having me. Yeah, so essentially I'm just here to share the kind of my perspective as to when we
[1:16:15] started down this journey and I was the atypical, is that the right word, skeptical husband. And I think this part of it is wired into us to think this way because we're trying to protect and hold the family unit. But it's one of those things where you end up having to do the research. And I did the research because Carly kind of came to me and showed me all this.
[1:16:40] And I was like wow interesting, but I had to convince myself and so I did the research right and there's two things to research one is the Compensation of business plan like how does this business work? And then the other one is the health aspect of like what are we actually doing to help people and so with the health aspect? That's how we all that's how we started like into into this world because we came from a healing journey So I researched the health aspects like crazy on
[1:17:05] and just like going down all the roads of figuring out what is hydrogen. Like I never really spoke or learned about hydrogen and what it was and I never really gave much thought to our water. And so I did all the research on the healing properties of this water and like what it actually means and does for the human body. So that was the healing side on the water side. Then I went to the other side of the business model and the business model is a whole...
[1:17:30] thing to discover and learn about as well. And what I learned from that was essentially that they found a way to gamify sales and marketing. And that's, it's honestly just a novel way to run a business. Because inside of a business, you're essentially paying salespeople and marketers to go out and sell your product and they get a good commission, they get a good rate. This is essentially doing the same thing. They're just doing it outside of
[1:17:55] their business with affiliates. So it's been so I had to convince myself of all sides, the water and the business model. And then as the more and the more we've gone down the road, more we've learned about it, the more my conviction has intensified and solidified. And it has made me realize how much that this there's a huge problem in the world, which is water. And someone has
[1:18:20] solve it and we get to be part of the boots on the ground that is out there solving every person's water. And when you think about your body as a system you have to audit the inputs and that will determine the outputs. Now are you going to output health and vibrancy or are you going to output sickness and disease? So you have to audit your inputs and one of your big inputs is what you're drinking and your water. So there's a huge opportunity to help.
[1:18:45] You know cure the sickness of the world that is you know? Poisoned water because there's things that even though the earth can't filter out anymore because we kind of like you know we've we've we put terrible things into the planet that we need to get out and this is we all get the opportunity to essentially do that here and This the water accounts that you build and the you know say that the knowledge you build around how to treat your water and
[1:19:10] drink clean water, and then also, it's like a huge benefit, huge asset, like the awareness and knowledge you get from that. Then the other side of it, the business side, this business thing that you build is an asset. So then over the time, you might do the business for a long time, then you might take a break and go to something else, but that asset will still be sitting there, and you can essentially, if you meet someone out on the road and you want to sell them water, I and I said, you have the opportunity to do this at whatever range.
[1:19:35] your account is at and make a chunk of money, right? So they're assets on both sides and they can massively benefit your life, you know, ongoing. And so the last thing I'll leave you with, do I have one more minute? 10 seconds. Last thing is that I always like to share that one thing that like has always really stuck with me is one of my favorite movies is called The Big Short with Michael Burry. And at the end of the movie, The Big Short, you know, the guy makes a huge
[1:20:00] windfall trading against the housing crisis of 2008. And he-- sorry, the kid's knocking. And at the very end of the movie, they put on the black screen with the letters and say, after this, Michael Murray retired from investing, except for in one product category. And that one product category flashes on the screen, water. Because water is such a scarce resource. It's so important to human life. It is-- [AUDIO OUT]
[1:20:25] everything. So there's a huge opportunity to go deeper into the water world and help solve the problem that is our toxic water. It's really true. All right. Thanks. That's my spiel. Great job. Thanks, y'all. Great job. Amazing. Sweet. Well, I love it. Let's wrap this up, guys. Let's do our cash prize giveaway. Let's give you the application if you're feeling in--
[1:20:50] with this and bring it on home. The fastest way to change your life is to find someone who's already living the life you want and learn from them. That's it. The real decision becomes, do you want to spend the next five years trying to piece this together on your own or do you want to step into an environment where it's already built built for you? If I had to start over today, the very first thing that I would do is get a mentor because you can go out and figure it all on your own.
[1:21:15] own trial and error and guessing or you can learn from the people who have walked the path. And I love this because Oprah Winfrey has a mentor. She was she was mentored early on in her career by Maya Angelou. Mark Zuckerberg was mentored from Steve Jobs. Lady Gaga was actually mentored by Akon early in her career. Even Tony Robbins who now mentors millions, he learned directly from Jim Rohn. So no
[1:21:40] No one does this alone and the reason is that mentorship collapses timelines, meaning that we can get there faster. And this is what you get when you access team rise up. You get mentorship. You get a community of people who are moving in the same direction as you. And like we've said so many times today, this wellness partnership model is not about mass recruiting. It is not about needing...
[1:22:05] to go viral or throwing links around hoping that someone pays attention. It is about identifying a few serious aligned women who have the same passion for health and impact and freedom as you and introducing them to this infrastructure and getting them plugged into the right mentorship. And so here is what, well actually before I go back I'm gonna do this. If all this business ever did for you,
[1:22:30] was, if all it ever did for you was change your perspective on life. Like Dana, who says she's grown more personally in these last two years than she has in her entire life. Or here, Anna, who said she made 12 direct sales in a month, which was crazy to her. She couldn't even imagine when she first got started with making one sale. That felt completely intimidating and not even possible.
[1:22:55] possible, and then a year later she's able to make 12 sales with ease and replace her corporate income. Or allow you to travel full time like Ali, who's a cancer survivor who's now traveling around Australia in a caravan with her family having a $12,000 Australian dollar month. Or maybe like Lacey, who can now do, spend more time doing the things she loves like going to Japan where our
[1:23:20] Our company actually paid her because of a program we had in place, reimbursed her to go to Japan, paid her $7700. Or Helen, who gets to spend more time with her family, a homeschooling mom of seven with a three month old who had a 9K month, only five months after starting this business. Or Amanda, who's her daughter was diagnosed with PANDAS, a neurological inflammatory disorder at the age of six.
[1:23:45] They had done all different detox protocols for her body, but she was still having flare-ups. And six months drinking hydrogen water and her flare-ups were basically non-existent. No more ticks, severely decreased OCD, and Amanda gives all glory to this product and finding it to support with her daughter. I mean, we've spoken so much about the community. If all it did was connect you with a like-minded community.
[1:24:10] like these two, going out hiking and talking about business and just enjoying life together because they found their people here, would it be worth it? We have covered a lot of information today, but what I want you to understand is that information alone is not going to change your life. And how do I know that? Because we live in an information-heavy world. There is so much noise and so much information
[1:24:35] on the internet and you can go out there if you so desire and piecemeal it all together to learn online sales and offline sales and paid advertising and marketing and how to connect with people, how to use your authentic voice online. You could go do that but it's very, very noisy out there. So what if instead you had a community and you had systems that you could plug into to help you just--
[1:25:00] that's aligned with your passion for wellness. That is exactly what we've showed you today. So we put together this wellness partnership model for you, and the first part of it is called the discovery process. It's some short videos that are gonna go a little bit deeper into the things that you've learned here today. And we want you to work through these videos with any other decision makers, your husband, your wife, your partner. You would go through the-- (static)
[1:25:25] these videos with them and that is something that we are going to gift you today. It'll be more testimonials, deeper dive into the products. There'll be information on financing, any lingering questions that you have right now, that will answer it for you. From there, you will get on a one-on-one clarity coaching call with us. I shared this with you in the beginning. This is in order to give you personalized support, answer your questions,
[1:25:50] help you get started in the best way for you. And then once you invest in your products, the doors of the community really open up to you. You get lifetime access to our training center, your step-by-step business launch course, sales training, social media, paid ads trainings. It is like getting an MBA of working online in order to generate income. And you could go out and spend hundreds of thousands of dollars
[1:26:15] and education or you could get it here literally simply for investing in health products. Where you are is often a reflection of who you are learning from and so it's really important to us that in this wellness partnership package we include mentorship. We've talked about it extensively today. There are live calls, there are 24/7 chats, there are masterminds, all of the
[1:26:40] included because we want you to understand that what took us years and years to figure out like a lot of trial and error and frustration and thousands of dollars we've taken all of that and we put it into one place for you so you don't have to go through it the hard way and here's what it looks like this is a look inside our community here the training center the calls the research
[1:27:05] This is the team rise up community door getting open to you. And I can promise you that no other communities are doing it like this. And we have all the different ones. You've heard from so many women today. I wish that we could feature hundreds of people on this call, but again, we stick to 90 minutes here. But Sunny had 100K in her first year in business. Naomi had $50,000 in income. That was like within her first year.
[1:27:30] six months of the business. Jillian had a $5,000 day, a $7,500 day, $4,000 day. It's absolutely incredible and we get to see these wins inside the community every single day. And again, in the discovery process, you are going to go deeper into the packages that you can start with. But I want to give you a little bit of context for this. There are three main strategies that people start with in this business. The first is just getting the water in.
[1:27:55] like me. I knew I wanted it for my health and then I later learned about the business side. The important thing to look at is not just the investment, which is going to be between 6 to 24,000 depending on the package that you choose. There are financing options. If there is a will, there is a way. And that's one of the things we can support you on in your coaching call. But you want to look at the return on investment. So it's not just
[1:28:20] just what are you investing, but what is your return on that investment look like? So the ROI for the K8 is nine sales. With the Quad strategy, which means you're starting with four products that you have that loaner machine. The return on investment is four sales. And the same for the legacy package, which is starting you at six sales, six products. What that means is that when you sell four packages,
[1:28:45] You are at break even. You now have these products. You now have access to this training and this community and you are in profit for the rest of your long healthy beautiful life. So the K8, $5,890 plus tax and shipping. We will give you exact numbers on our call by the way. The quad is going to be two K8s, one for you, one to loan out, the shower filter and remineralizer and the organic.
[1:29:10] turmeric supplement around 18,000. And then we have our legacy package, which is two shower filters, two water ionizers, and two Ukon. That's the around 24,000. And again, once you go through the discovery process, you'll understand what the financing options for this look like. And like I said, it's also really about that return on investment. So with the legacy package, you are bringing in
[1:29:35] you are making your return on investment in five sales. So in five sales, you've made back that return on investment and it's $50,000 in income in eight sales. $50,000, which is just absolutely incredible. That's the value. That's the point of partnering with a high value product like this. This is really important. This is where we were talking about that investor member in the clap cashflow.
[1:30:00] where we were talking about investment income, this is what the legacy ranks are. And again, it's about three to five years for most people to hit these. And it's where you hit that generational wealth income, which means monthly income for you that is willable to your children. And the way that we teach you to set up your organization is that you own these top three accounts, which means in time you would be having three legacy income.
[1:30:25] which is how my legacy income is going to jump from 5,000 this year to 20,000 next year. And that's a really important part of what we do and how we coach you to set things up. In June, this month only, the company itself, this is a team rise up, this is the company itself, is running a promotion that starts you at four times commission. So what that means is that when you invest in a quad,
[1:30:50] Normally your first sale you would make $3,030. But this month, when you start with a quad in the month of June, so before the last day of the month, any time you sell a quad, you're going to be starting at $4,040. And then your third sale will go up to $5,000, which means that you are going to make over $3,000 more on this month by getting started this month.
[1:31:15] month on your first sale. So it's just know that it jumps you up in the compensation plan by putting your sales through by the end of this month. So let's talk about the bonuses that you get. You will get the private mentorship that we already shared. We will support you in generating your first $10,000 in sales by getting on the call with you, personally supporting you with your first client conversation so you can
[1:31:40] build the skill and build confidence. You're gonna get access to that million dollar framework that Aubrey shared about where you're getting the systems and the structures that have supported myself and all of the other women you heard from on this call. You'll get access to our retreats. We do in-person events every three months, which is really where a lot of growth and expansion happens within side of our business. And normally, these things that we're...
[1:32:05] sharing with you, such as the discovery process and the call is $99. Outside of this call, that's what we charge. We charge $99 to get access to that. But for today, we are weaving that $99 fee, that $99 fee, which means that you're able to move forward in the next steps of this process just for free. Zero investment in regards to moving forward until--
[1:32:30] the next step. So I want you to hear me really, really clearly. I'm going to show this slide. Don't put the application form in yet, guys, because I want to say this really, really clearly, although I'm not in the chat at all. So we'll see. The next step here is that you are going to apply for a spot in our mentorship group. When you apply for a spot in our mentorship group, you will let us know why you're interested.
[1:32:55] interested in this and why you want to be a part of this, how you want to grow, what you want to learn. If we approve your mentorship application, you will then get access to the discovery videos for free. You will get on your one-on-one call and you will decide what products you are going to get started with, the K8, the Quad, or the Legacy Package. After you invest in your product, that's
[1:33:20] is when the team rise up doors open to you. So that is the process here. So if you know that you want to be a part of this community, you want to learn the next steps, you want to get access to the call and the discovery process, we're going to put the mentorship form in the chat now. And what I want you to do is to pop that open and open it in another browser because once we close this call, you will not have access
[1:33:45] through that application form. But that is going to be the next step for you. I'm going to stop sharing my screen real quick here. If I can. Hold on one sec. There we go. That is going to be the next step. And I want to review it really quick for you before we do the prize giveaway, which is that if you are ready to learn more, you are going to fill out the application form. You're going to
[1:34:10] let us know why you want to be a part of it, what it means to you, the potential that you see for yourself here. That will get you access to the discovery process and your coaching call. And then from there, you will talk about what products on the call you'll decide what products that you want to get started with. It is very, very important that you watch the discovery process videos and you watch them with anybody else who's a decision maker in your home so that you
[1:34:35] show up to that call prepared. Okay, because again, we've talked a lot about integrity around time, and we don't want to waste your time and we don't want to invite in, we don't want to waste our time. So that is the step application. Watch the discovery process videos, get on your call and decide what package you're starting with. And we will be able to answer all of your questions there. If you understand that process, I want you to put a yes.
[1:35:00] in the chat. If you understand the process and you are going to fill out the application, I want you to put a yes in the chat. Perfect. Okay. Amazing. I love it. I'm going to stop spotlighting myself so I could see you guys and we're going to do this giveaway. Now, if you know that you are filling out that application and you are ready and excited to be a part of the Team Rise Up community, I want you to raise your virtual
[1:35:25] hand and this is how you raise your virtual hand. You click the little heart button at the bottom and you click it says react and then you click raise hand. Okay. Alright Marissa I'm going to put you on the spot. Can you unmute yourself and let us know Marissa Hyland let us know what potential you saw for yourself today. What did you see?
[1:35:50] for yourself on this call today. - Hi, yes. So Lynn has been talking to me over the past few months. I just graduated high school and growing up, my childhood was pretty stable. And then as I got older, my parents got divorced and our poem completely changed from being stable to being
[1:36:15] My parents are working all the time. We're having finance problems and like just a lot of stress in the home. And so when I saw what Lynn was doing and started like talking to her about it and meeting with her about it, it has really shown me that this is what I'm going to be stepping into after some trips coming out in the next couple weeks.
[1:36:40] But after graduation, I didn't put applications into college. I knew that this is what I wanted to do, and I'm super excited to get started. We're going to Europe with my family in just a couple days, and after that, I'm going to be getting started so I can have freedom locations, finance, freedom, all the--
[1:37:05] freedoms that we've talked about, location, time, finance. I just really want to build a environment for my future family to thrive in. Let's go Marissa! Okay, high school graduate. I mean, I wish I started when I was your age. That is incredible, my friend. I'm so excited to get to have you on the team, have a great trip, and we're going to...
[1:37:30] We have $560 to cash prize giveaway. I'm going to give half of it to you. You've got $280 bus coming your way to sip on cappuccino somewhere beautiful and to hopefully put towards your payment from the machines. So we'll get with Lynn and make sure that we get that over to you. Congratulations. And I look forward to getting to know you more and seeing you create something epic here. Thank you so much. You're welcome. You're welcome.
[1:37:55] Welcome. Okay, awesome. Let's go to Melis Doglu. Melis Doglu. Is it Melissa or Melissa? It's Melissa. Okay. Hi. Nice to meet you. Hi. Hi. Nice meeting you. Tell me a little bit about... Sorry, what did you say? I just had to go to a different room because I'm next to my kids.
[1:38:20] where they're home. So. Oh, no worries. Tell me a little bit about the potential you saw for yourself here. Well, I'm a health coach, mom of two boys. And I have worked in a MLM for a different product that I believe in. But it is a low ticket and it's been exhausting like I heard from other people. Like it's just like each
[1:38:45] just gotta keep working every month. But what excited me first was the health promises, the product itself. I asked you in the text, like the PANDAS like, I've been dealing with a lot of stuff in my family that's affecting the well-being of the family because if people are not doing well, the whole dynamic is affected.
[1:39:10] And just hearing that PANDAS kids doing better after six months just gave me hope because I'm trying everything but it's multi talks and all that stuff. So that's the health part. Then the financial freedom part, I want to be able to be present with my kids, do everything with them and also not to have to think about health expenses, travel, everything.
[1:39:35] financial freedom, time freedom. And I've been following you for years. I love your energy and I love how you're, you know, I can see the energy is transmitting. Like I understand the community and all that stuff. How I love the fact that this comes with a mentorship and a community because that's what I didn't have in mind networking, you know, the MLM thing that I joined before.
[1:40:00] So that's, yeah, the community, the financial freedom, the health promises, that's what stands out for me. - I love it, I love it. Well, thank you so much for sharing that. I'm excited to get to know you more and to be able to support you to create something magical. And let's give you the other half. So $280 I've got coming your way, friend. If you can just drop your email.
[1:40:25] in the chat over here, I'll snag it so that my team and I can email you and get that over to you. And I'll see you on our one on one call after you fill out that application. So just as a reminder, guys, we will fill out the application, which will get you access to the discovery process and to book your call. If you want to get in on the promotion in June, which you do, which will start you at four times
[1:40:50] Commission. You have to do that before the end of the month. So I know myself and all of the other leaders and coaches on our team, we have availability on our calendar Friday, Saturday, Monday. So within those next few days before the end of the month, we can get you going here. And the big thing is make sure you go through that with any other decision makers that you have in your house. That is all the prize cash that we gave
[1:41:15] So if you're waiting for the cash giveaway, it has been completed. I'm super grateful that you all saw potential for yourself and invested your time on this call today. If anybody has any questions, I'm going to stop the recording.
